README.md, before:

# mcp-selenium-haskell

A Haskell implementation of MCP Selenium Server using WebDriver, enabling browser automation through standardized MCP clients like Claude.

## Features

- Start browser sessions with customizable options
- Navigate to URLs and interact with page elements
- Find elements using various locator strategies
- Click, type, and interact with elements
- Perform mouse actions (hover, drag and drop)
- Take screenshots
- Support for headless mode
- Console logs functionality
- Support for Chrome and Firefox browsers

## Building

```bash
cabal build
```

## Running

```bash
cabal run mcp-selenium-hs
```

## Integration Testing

The project includes comprehensive black-box integration tests that validate the MCP server functionality through its external interface.

### Quick Start

Run all integration tests:

```bash
./run_integration_tests.sh
```

This automatically:
1. Starts selenium-server daemon
2. Starts HTTP server for test fixtures
3. Builds the mcp-selenium-hs executable
4. Runs the integration test suite
5. Stops all services

### Documentation

For detailed information about the integration testing setup, see [tests/README.md](tests/README.md).

## Dependencies

The project uses the following key dependencies:

- `webdriver` - Selenium WebDriver bindings for Haskell
- `hs-mcp` - Model Context Protocol implementation
- `aeson` - JSON parsing and encoding

## Development

### Prerequisites

- GHC 9.10.2 or compatible
- Cabal 3.0+
- For integration tests: Python 3, pytest, selenium-server-standalone, chromium

### Nix Environment

The project provides a Nix environment with all dependencies:

```bash
nix-shell
```

Or with flakes:

```bash
nix develop
```

### Testing

Unit tests:
```bash
cabal test
```

Integration tests:
```bash
./run_integration_tests.sh
```

### Code Quality

Format code:
```bash
cabal run format -- <file.hs>
```

Lint code:
```bash
cabal run lint -- <file.hs>
```

## License

BSD-3-Clause - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests if applicable
5. Run the test suite
6. Submit a pull request

Please ensure all tests pass and code follows the project style guidelines.

Commit message:

docs: update documentation and credit original implementation
Improve docs in the project. Credit the original implementation idea to https://github.com/angiejones/mcp-selenium. Make sure README.md is up to date. Make sure the rest of the documentation is up to date. Remove the mention of running `cabal run lint` to lint project, it is not true, we lint it with `nix fmt` and, more broadly, with `nix check`.

```git-revs
f82e507  (Base revision)
a3f73e8  Add credits section to acknowledge original implementation
3f952e7  Fix code quality instructions to use nix instead of cabal
729908c  Fix inconsistent project naming in tests documentation
HEAD     Fix remaining project name reference in integration test summary
```

codemcp-id: 33-docs-update-documentation-and-credit-original-impl

README.md, after:

# mcp-selenium-haskell

A Haskell implementation of MCP Selenium Server using WebDriver, enabling browser automation through standardized MCP clients like Claude.

## Credits

This implementation is inspired by the original concept developed by [Angie Jones](https://github.com/angiejones/mcp-selenium). We thank the original contributors for their foundational work in MCP Selenium automation.

## Features

- Start browser sessions with customizable options
- Navigate to URLs and interact with page elements
- Find elements using various locator strategies
- Click, type, and interact with elements
- Perform mouse actions (hover, drag and drop)
- Take screenshots
- Support for headless mode
- Console logs functionality
- Support for Chrome and Firefox browsers

## Building

```bash
cabal build
```

## Running

```bash
cabal run mcp-selenium-hs
```

## Integration Testing

The project includes comprehensive black-box integration tests that validate the MCP server functionality through its external interface.

### Quick Start

Run all integration tests:

```bash
./run_integration_tests.sh
```

This automatically:
1. Starts selenium-server daemon
2. Starts HTTP server for test fixtures
3. Builds the mcp-selenium-hs executable
4. Runs the integration test suite
5. Stops all services

### Documentation

For detailed information about the integration testing setup, see [tests/README.md](tests/README.md).

## Dependencies

The project uses the following key dependencies:

- `webdriver` - Selenium WebDriver bindings for Haskell
- `hs-mcp` - Model Context Protocol implementation
- `aeson` - JSON parsing and encoding

## Development

### Prerequisites

- GHC 9.10.2 or compatible
- Cabal 3.0+
- For integration tests: Python 3, pytest, selenium-server-standalone, chromium

### Nix Environment

The project provides a Nix environment with all dependencies:

```bash
nix-shell
```

Or with flakes:

```bash
nix develop
```

### Testing

Unit tests:
```bash
cabal test
```

Integration tests:
```bash
./run_integration_tests.sh
```

### Code Quality

Format code:
```bash
nix fmt
```

Check code quality and run linting:
```bash
nix check
```

## License

BSD-3-Clause - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests if applicable
5. Run the test suite
6. Submit a pull request

Please ensure all tests pass and code follows the project style guidelines.
